split API reference into modules (#9687)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/modules/astro-middleware.mdx

Reviewer: Wondering if it’s worth `astro:middleware` being a subheading here to distinguish `onRequest` (which is something you write and export in `middleware.js`) from `sequence()`, `createContext()`, and `trySerializeLocals()` (which are exported from `astro:middleware`)?

(Also calls into question whether this should be labelled `astro:middleware` in the sidebar if it’s a reference for how middleware works _including_ that module.)

export const onRequest = defineMiddleware((context, next) => {

});
```

### `sequence()`

<p>

**Type:** `(...handlers: MiddlewareHandler[]) => MiddlewareHandler`
</p>

A function that accepts middleware functions as arguments, and will execute them in the order in which they are passed. 

```js title="src/middleware.js"
import { sequence } from "astro:middleware";

async function validation(_, next) {...}
async function auth(_, next) {...}
async function greeting(_, next) {...}

export const onRequest = sequence(validation, auth, greeting);
```

### `createContext()`

<p>

**Type:** `(context: CreateContext) => APIContext`<br />
<Since v="2.8.0" />
</p>

A low-level API to create an [`APIContext`](/en/reference/api-reference/#endpoint-context)to be passed to an Astro middleware `onRequest()` function.

This function can be used by integrations/adapters to programmatically execute the Astro middleware.

### `trySerializeLocals()`

<p>

**Type:** `(value: unknown) => string`<br />
<Since v="2.8.0" />
</p>

A low-level API that takes in any value and tries to return a serialized version (a string) of it. If the value cannot be serialized, the function will throw a runtime error.

> ## `onRequest()`
> 
> **Type:** `(context: APIContext, next: MiddlewareNext) => Promise<Response> | Response | Promise<void> | void`
> 
> A required exported function from `src/middleware.js` that will be called before rendering every page or API route. It receives two arguments: [context](#context) and [next()](#next). `onRequest()` must return a `Response`: either directly, or by calling `next()`.
> 
> ```js title="src/middleware.js"
> export function onRequest (context, next) {
>     // intercept response data from a request
>     // optionally, transform the response
>     // return a Response directly, or the result of calling `next()`
>     return next();
> };
> ```
> 
> ### `context`
> 
> <p>
> 
> **Type:** `APIContext`
> </p>
> 
> The first argument of `onRequest()` is a context object. It mirrors many of the `Astro` global properties.
> 
> <ReadMore>See [Endpoint contexts](/en/reference/api-reference/#endpoint-context) for more information about the context object.</ReadMore>
> 
> ### `next()`
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## Middleware exports

When defining your project’s middleware in `src/middleware.js`, export the following user-defined functions:

### `onRequest()`

**Type:** `(context: APIContext, next: MiddlewareNext) => Promise<Response> | Response | Promise<void> | void`

A required exported function from `src/middleware.js` that will be called before rendering every page or API route. It receives two arguments: [context](#context) and [next()](#next). `onRequest()` must return a `Response`: either directly, or by calling `next()`.

```js title="src/middleware.js"
export function onRequest (context, next) {
    // intercept response data from a request
    // optionally, transform the response
    // return a Response directly, or the result of calling `next()`
    return next();
};
```

Your `onRequest()` function will be called with the following arguments:

#### `context`

<p>

**Type:** `APIContext`
</p>

The first argument of `onRequest()` is a context object. It mirrors many of the `Astro` global properties.

<ReadMore>See [Endpoint contexts](/en/reference/api-reference/#endpoint-context) for more information about the context object.</ReadMore>

#### `next()`

````
